# WIDA Final Project
In this course, you examined the technologies and procedures used to provide a reliable Wi-Fi infrastructure to support the mobile devices within an organization. Understanding how to research, design and implement a Wi-Fi infrastructure is vitally important, as mobile users today require reliable access to corporate email and the Internet without incurring cellular data costs during work hours. In this assignment, you will analyze the physical layout of the triOS Kitchener Campus, identify requirements for reliable Wi-Fi, research cost-effective equipment that provides for the requirements and prepare a Wi-Fi infrastructure proposal. 1.Analyze the triOS Kitchener Campus plan registered with the fire authority (found in theKR Campus Map.pdffile). Concrete walls and risers are identified with solid black. 2.Given the following requirements, identify possible Wi-Fi AP locations, technologies, and security features: a.Each classroom currently has several PCs that are networked to physical switches using CAT5e or greater cable, but future plans include switching the connections from each PC to a fast WLAN by adding a wireless card to each PC. Additionally, there are plans to replace the VoIP phones in each classroom and office with VOIP Wi-Fi phones. Answer: I used 5 access points which are mentioned below as well as highlighted in KR Campus Map.pdffile : 1. Common area 2. Waiting area 3. Meeting room 4. Classroom 10 5. Classroom 7 I used AP-W6D2400C, Wi-Fi 6 802.11ax 2400 Mbps Wireless Access Point, Seamless Roaming & 2x2 MU-MIMO Dual-Band, Manageable via FS Controller or Standalone (PoE Injector Included). I choose this device because I think it will be able High-efficiency Wi-Fi 6 Technology, 2x2 MU-MIMO Dual-Band 2400 Mbps High-Density Connectivity, up to 1024 Users, recommend 64 Users Support 2.4 GHz to 5 GHz Switchover, Less Interference, Faster speeds Fully Compatible with Existing Wi-Fi 5 and Older Devices Support Seamless Roaming with WLAN Controller/Security Gateway Powered by PoE Switch or PoE Injector. Easy to Securely Install on the Wall or Ceiling with Included Hardware Managed via WLAN Controller/Security Gateway or Simply Operate Alone Support User Isolation, Rogue AP Detection, Data Frame Filtering to Secure User Network
